And the last Would you we created our quotes service year.
Now want to use this service to add quotes to our list of favorite quotes not to use the service.
We first need to provided normal angler to approach right.
Nothing ironic too specific.
We need to provide a service we want to use now in order to provide it.
We can go to the AB module to provide us an array.
We already provide a default error handler on two ships with here I ought to also want to add my quota
service like days.
Make sure to order at the import at the top from your services folder.
With this we're providing this quote service application wide.
So wherever we injected we're using the same instance which of course is super important because we
want to manage one and the same array of favorite quotes across our application.
So any quotes.
Yes file now here in the händler when we actually click yes I want to add this quote I want to access
my quote service and to do so only to check it.
So let's inject the quotes service here.
Quote service.
Make sure to all to Adam Ward at the top here from your services folder.
And then the handler here I can say this quote service at quote two favorites.
And of course at the selective quote here so the quote for passing to the on to favorite method.
Now to see if this works what I want to do is in the quote service here after adding it.
I simply want to log my favorite quotes to see if it actually holds this quote We added.
And so people also added Wessely in our application that we output a list of favorite quotes of course.
So back in the application Let's go to library like click here.
That's the favorite and yes go ahead.
And we get an array of quotes.
This looks good.
Now let's also add another quote.
The third quote here.
Yes go ahead.
Now we have two quotes in the array and you see the second code indeed is the one by Robert H.
Schuller which has Well this great Will who has this great quote awesome.
So with that we're using our state management we're using our service.
I think this is a good way we're taking here.
The next thing I want to have a look at is the Favorites tab.
Here to actually display a list of our favorite quotes.